Update install-the-mailing-and-notifications-feature.md (#3191)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/emails/202404.0/install-the-mailing-and-notifications-feature.md

```

To verify that everything is set up correctly and send an email, see [How to create and register MailTypeBuilderPlugin](/docs/pbc/all/emails/{{page.version}}/howto-create-and-register-a-mail-type-builder-plugin.html).

## Migration from SwiftMailer to Symfony Mailer

> If your application was using Swift Mailer before, and you also have SPRYKER_SMTP_ENCRYPTION='tls', please follow the next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application was using SwiftMailer before and you also have SPRYKER_SMTP_ENCRYPTION='tls', please follow the next steps.
```

Author: fixed

1. Force the port for SMTP to 465 and release this change with the migration release:
```php
$config[SymfonyMailerConstants::SMTP_PORT] = '465';
```   

> 2. Create a support ticket to change **SPRYKER_SMTP_PORT** to 465

Reviewer: mb we should mention that developer should make sure that SPRYKER_SMTP_PORT is not set to 465 first?

Author: fixed

> 3. Update the code and release it after the support ticket is resolved:

Reviewer: mb just `Revert configuration to the previous state in order to use a port from the env variable`or smth like that?

Author: fixed
